Add a few sentences up top of README to say exactly what semsimian is (#94)
monarch-initiative/semsimian: README.md

# semsimian

> Semsimian is a package to provide fast semantic similarity calculations for ontologies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semsimian is a package that provides fast semantic similarity calculations for ontologies. 
```
